docs: add "config" and "schema_cache" endpoints to the admin server (#3552)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/admin_server.rst

=======

Provides :ref:`metrics`.

> Debugging

Author: Not sure if it's the best title. I remember it was mentioned somewhere that `--dump-config` and `--dump-schema` were used for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: I think we should solve it like this.

- Remove the Healthcheck subtitle with its paragraph
- Put the Important note under Live
- Remove this Debugging title.

Reviewer: Ok, there's another option. Just remove this Debugging title and rename the new subtitles according to the below suggestions

Author: Seems good. I modified it accordingly.

=========

You can also verify the configuration and schema cache values applied to a running PostgREST instance.

> Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config
```

> Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Configuration
```

-------------

> Provides a ``config`` endpoint that returns all the :ref:`configuration values <configuration>` applied to the current instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a ``config`` endpoint that returns the runtime :ref:`configuration`
```

.. code-block:: bash

  curl "http://localhost:3001/config"

.. code-block::

  db-aggregates-enabled = false
  db-anon-role = "web_anon"
  db-channel = "pgrst"
  db-channel-enabled = false
  ...

> Schema Cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Schema Cache
```

------------

> Provides the ``schema_cache`` endpoint that prints the :ref:`schema_cache` generated by the current instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the ``schema_cache`` endpoint that prints the runtime :ref:`schema_cache`.
```
